1. Using Gmail, create an interface to set up auto replies based on content.
This would actually rely partially on my own database to store the phrases 
and replies. User can add/remove/see/update those key terms and replies.
Example: Message includes "how to I make a payment on my account"
Send HowToMakeAPayment.html in email back
https://developers.google.com/gmail/api/

2. BestBuy online store, I do not wish to actually have it make the order, 
so I will probably use local storage to 'track' purchases. They will have a 
delivery time, as well as an ability to cancel or refund. The api would be for
item lookup and prices only, the rest of the functions would be simulated.
https://bestbuyapis.github.io/api-documentation/#getting-started

3. Make my own. Most of the apis I have seen here do not support CRUD 
operations, and understandably because a public/free api would probably get
either emptied or flooded if it did. I can make an API for managing 
employees where you can read current employees. With the addition of proper
authentification, one can add, remove (only new, if they are old employees, 
they can only be disabled, aka they dont work here any more), update pay, 
set rank/position. Possibly would be able to see time worked. If you ARE the 
employee, you can change your hours. Boss can change any hours.

4. As a middle manager at Macys, the most common question I am asked by both employees and customers is, “Where can I find X clothing?” I can develop an app that can tell 
you where the item would be found in the store. The app would have a map, and the section where the particular style or brand is located would be highlighted, 
as well as the name of the section. I have requested access to Macy’s internal API that they use on the in store registers, but even if they do not give it to me, 
I can still use brands/departments/locations. Two potential extras to add on would be actual directions from where they are standing to the area, 
and turning it from a web application to a phone application.  